Add blog post comparing Event Sourcing and CDC. (#415)
debezium/debezium.github.io: blog/2020-02-06-event-sourcing-vs-cdc.adoc

[.text-center]
*Figure 5. Outbox Pattern implemented with CDC (2 Options)*

Writing Domain Events to the Outbox can be completely transactional, therefore eliminating the possibility of inconsistencies between application state (stored in tables) and the state represented by those Domain Events. Having transactional guarantees around the Domain Events and their propagation via the Outbox is important for data consistency across a system.

The Outbox is also meant to be abstracted from the application as it’s only an ephemeral store of outgoing event data, and not meant to be read or queried. In fact, the Domain Events residing in the Outbox may be deleted immediately after insertion!

== Event Sourcing Journal vs. Outbox

We can now take a closer look at the overlap in design of an Event Sourcing journal and CDC with Outbox. By comparing the attributes of the journal with the Outbox table, the similarities become clear. The Aggregate, again from DDD, is at the heart of how the data is stored and consumed for both Outbox and Event Sourcing.

Here are the common attributes that exist between an Event Sourcing journal and an Outbox:

> * Event ID — Unique identifier for the event itself and can be used for deplication for idempotent consumers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Event ID — Unique identifier for the event itself and can be used for de-duplication for idempotent consumers
```

|Domain Event

|*Source of Truth*
|Journal
|Transaction Log
|Transaction Log
|Depends on implementation

|*Boundary*
|Application
|System
|System (CDC)
Application (Outbox)
|Application or System

|*Consistency Model*
|N/A (only writing to the Journal)
|Strongly Consistent (tables), Eventually Consistent (Change Event capture)
|Strongly Consistent (Outbox), Eventually Consistent (Change Event capture)
|Eventually Consistent

|*Replayability*
|Yes
|Yes
|Yes
|Depends on implementation
|===

== Pros/Cons of Event Sourcing + CQRS

Now that we have a better handle on Event Sourcing and CQRS, let's examine some of the pros and cons of Event Sourcing when paired with CQRS. These pros/cons take into consideration the current implementations that are available and also documented experiences from both myself and other professionals building distributed systems.

=== Pros for Event Sourcing with CQRS 

1. Journal is easily accessible for auditing purposes
2. Generally performant for a high volume of write operations to the Journal
3. Possibility to shard the Journal for a very large amount of data (depending on datastore)

=== Cons for Event Sourcing with CQRS

> 1. Everything is eventually consistent data; strongly consistent data doesn’t fit Event Sourcing and CQRS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Everything is eventually consistent data; a requirement of strongly consistent data doesn’t fit Event Sourcing and CQRS
```
